I’m mad for you, Diane.
Roger’s dating already?
O.M.G., I wonder
if she’s younger than him.
Can you hold on a second?
[ Beeps ]
Lorraine,
how’s my favorite client?
I’ve been on something
of a hot streak at work.
I’ve tapped into
a rich vein of new clients–
recently divorced moms.
You might say I hit
the single mother lode.
[ Chuckles ]
How about
that master suite, huh?
Maybe if I had someone
to share it with.
Lorraine, you are a beautiful
woman with a lot to offer.
Should we make an offer?
It’s a great house,
but I’m just gonna be alone.
[ Chuckling ] Diane,
you’re not gonna be alone.
You’re gonna get a loan.
Sodas, snacks.
Poker game’s in the basement.
Look, I need more
sleep than you,
and ever since they cut down
that stupid prune tree,
the sun has been right
in my eyes every morning.
It’s not a prune tree.
They pruned the tree.
And I’m not switching places
with you,
so you should just put your head
at the other end of the bed.
Why? So my feet get the pillow?
And I’m the dumb one.
Diane, you have got
to forget about him.
- Roger’s
Cheyenne’s problem now.
- Honey–
You know what? You need to talk.
Starbucks for a little go juice?
- What is up?
- I need to go into the office.
- My dad wants me
to close out the monthly.
- [ Laughs ]
- What?
- Monthly.
Never mind. Go on.
I’m stretched a little thin
today, so I need you
to do the grocery shopping,
check in on the kids
and maybe clean up those
branches in the front yard.
- Done and done.
- Is that an expression,
or did you really only remember
two of the things I said?
- The second.
- I’ll leave you a message.
Okay.
[ Beeping ]
[ Cell Phone Rings ]
[ Phil ]
Hello?
Phil.
Sorry.
Call back.
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ Hey ♪♪
I have bad news, Jay.
Joe was thrown out
of the Gymboree.
Again?
What happened?
He pushed Mason.
He made him cry.
The teacher said
that we cannot go back.
That’s ridiculous.
Mason’s a big baby.
Everybody there is a big baby.
But Joe plays very rough,
and we know why.
[ Whispering ]
It’s the curse.
Not that I’d ever want to
discourage you from whispering–
That’s not a thing.
There is a mark of the devil
in my family.
My great-great grandfather
was given the location...
of an emerald mine...
in exchange for his soul.
There’s, like, paperwork
or something that proves this?
They say that the day of
his daughter’s wedding,
a great bird came from the sky
and snatched him with his claws
and took him far, far away.
You’re aware that a remarkable
number of your stories end...
with a family member being
carried off by a giant bird.
I only know
what I was told, Jay.
I’m just saying,
after the third time,
we might think about
moving the party inside.
Okay, maybe it’s not the curse,
but you know that my family has
a very dark side.
My cousin Aurelio
is a horse thief.
My Uncle Carlos
fixed soccer games.
Did he teach them
to pick the ball up
and throw it down the field?
’Cause that’s the only way
you fix soccer.
Manny escaped it,
but I am not sure about Joe.
Gloria, this is about
an uptight teacher.
And so what if Joe’s
a little boisterous?
Whatever happened to letting
kids be themselves?
Ready.
Lose the hat.
I guess I’m supposed to see
Sound of Music
in a regular hat.
Nothing against Sound of Music,
but there’s a lot
of other things we could do
this afternoon.
You ever hear of Death Wish?
Oh, I love Death Wish.
Manny, that’s the charity
where the sick kids...
go to, like,
a concert with Madonna...
or to the Super Bowl
with Justin Bieber or they–
No, no, no.
It’s a movie.
New York, ’70s.
Charles Bronson’s
a firm family man–
Who’s pushed to the limit
until one day he decides
to fight back.
- You’ve seen it?
- It’s called Death Wish.
I doubt it ends with him
trading banter in an apartment
with Marsha Mason.
Hey, fiancé.
Hello, my intended.
That one sounds
a little murder-y.
You are my intended.
Stop it.
Stop it!
So, while you’re out,
I’m gonna review
our flower options.
And I have to say,
so far I’m partial
to Floral and Hardy,
but I’m gonna give one last look
at Florist Gump.
You love a business
with a clever name.
I do.
Guilty.
Can I just say I love
how this is going?
Mitchell and I agreed
that I would be
in charge of the wedding...
after the tragic news
last week from the Andys.
Uh, not the mountain range.
No.
Our friends Andrew and Andrew–
they broke up.
The stress of planning
a wedding was too much.
They were quibbling about–
Everything.
[ Mouthing Words ]
I mean–
Which is why I’m just happy
to stay out of his way.
Yeah. I dream big,
then I winnow down.
Dream big.
Winnow down.
Okay, winnow down.
Yep.
Stay out of my way.
Sorry.
Daddy, where’s Larry?
Oh, well, you know
how cats are, sweetie.
They’re–
They’re wanderers.
But I haven’t seen him in days.
Well, he’ll be back, okay?
Trust Daddy on this.
Okay.
You know, I’m starting
to get worried that Larry
might not come back.
- Oh, he’s definitely dead.
- What?
Yeah, street meat
or coyote chow.
We’ll wait a couple weeks
and then we’ll get a new Larry.
Uh, you’re pretty nonchalant
about our family pet dying.
And shouldn’t we help
our daughter process this loss?
Yes, we will,
and she’ll be fine.
And it’s not nonchalant.
It’s farm life.
Death is everywhere.
You just learn to not get
too attached to anything.
So, what, if I were to die,
you would just wait a few weeks
and then replace me?
Of course not.
Where would I find
another gay Mitchell
with your exact markings?
What’s happening, Big Al?
Yeah, let’s go ahead
and veto that nickname.
Hey, Reuben taught me
this cool trick.
Close your eyes.
[ Shrieks ]
Oh, my God!
What is wrong with you?
You kissed a girl.
Now we’re even.
Just paying off a poker debt.
Luke’s creepy friend
just kissed me.
Ew, Reuben?
That little weirdo?
- I’m still here.
- I’m gonna go boil
my mouth.
Oh, hey, guys.
Game is downstairs.
Hey. This little game
you dorks play, we talking
milk money or heavy cream?
A lot of fresh bar mitzvah money
down there.
- Mind if I sit in?
- We kind of got
a no-girls policy.
Is it a policy
or just something
that keeps happening?
[ Sighs ]
The second.
[ Cell Phone Rings ]
- Hey, honey.
- I am so excited,
I can’t stand it!
If you’re gonna move
your hands around like that,
you need to put the phone down.
Okay, okay, okay.
For cocktail hour, they’re
creating a running waterfall...
onto which
they’re going to project
a hologram of us embracing.
- But we’re still winnowing,
right?
- Already winnowed.
I cut the angel costumes.
Hard choices, Mitchell.
Okay, I got to go.
I’m so excited!
Yeah, me too.
[ Sighs ]
[ Mutters ]
Best thing about my relationship
with Cam?
Trust.
Newsflash–
I can be an obsessive person.
In the past, I’ve had trouble
letting someone else
call the shots.
Giving up control made me crazy.
That’s what makes
my life with Cam so freeing.
I can turn over big things
to him and never give them
a second thought.
Out of sight, out of mind.
Bye-bye.
Phil! Oh. This is–
Oh!
Oh, my God!
Phil?
Phil!
Yeah, I was just sitting there,
and he basically molested me.
Excuse me?
- She’s talking about Reuben.
- Who are you?
You boys better have money.
I am not doing this for free.
Wh-Wh-What’s– What’s happening?
Oh, I hear you, Joyce.
His time’s important,
your time isn’t, right?
Let me buzz you back,
superstar. Okay.
- Hey, honey.
- Branches are still
in the front yard,
I just took a rake to the face,
Reuben is getting really weird
on Alex...
and Haley’s doing something
for money in the basement.
It’s all gonna be fine.
Daddy’s home, superstar.
No. Don’t call me that.
I’m not one of your needy
little divorcées.
Um, that is work.
Is it? ’Cause I kind of feel
like part of you loves
being a hero to those women.
- I’m a helper of people.
- Mmm.
Hey, you knew what you
signed up for when you hitched
your wagon to a Realtor man.
Honey, when I met you,
you were a wedding deejay.
By the way, Spinderfella,
looks like you still need
to hit the grocery store.
I think someone’s
feeling neglected.
Yes, I deal
with a lot of lonely women.
But there’s only one
I’m married to.
You’re getting too involved,
Phil.
You are juggling these women,
and you’re not that good
a juggler.
Now you’re just lashing out!
[ Doorbell Rings ]
Hey, come here.
I didn’t tell Jay,
but sometimes
Joe even scares me.
Lucky for me,
there are professionals...
that are trained
to deal with such problems.
Ay, thank you
for coming, padre.
Oh, of course, Gloria.
And this must be Fulgencio.
Mm-hmm.
What a beautiful little boy.
He’s such a sweet nature.
I can tell
he’s a gentle soul.
Sí.
[ Gags ]
¡Ay!
Fulgencio, no, no.
Ay. Ay.
¡Ay!
Sorry, padre.
Ay, that’s why
I called you, Father.
I think he’s bad.
There is evil in my family.
Ah, Gloria,
he’s just a little baby.
Last week, his eyes got red,
and the dog backed away.
He probably just had a cold.
All mothers worry.
Look at him– rosy cheeks,
he’s playing with his blocks.
[ Gloria Gasps ]
The six again.
So Joe knocks one kid down,
he’s out.
All kids do that.
Why do you think your whole
building is made out of Nerf?
Yeah, you see
where he gets it from.
Hey, listen, I’m not afraid
of you, Miss Debbie.
You’re not the–
Damn it.
Sounds like someone needs
a relaxing trip
to Nazi-occupied Austria.
Can’t believe
she hung up on me.
Well, you were yelling at her.
Standing up for yourself
is not the same thing as–
Excuse me.
Come on, Jay.
So no one ever taught you
manners, huh?
- Whatever, dude.
- No, you bump into somebody,
you apologize.
And since I’m teaching you
something here,
- here’s a little class
called "Intro to Pants."
- Jay, stop!
Get off me!
I go to school with those kids.
You know how embarrassing
that was?
- Manny!
- No. Why do you always
got to be like this–
judgmental, hot tempered, loud?
These are a few
of my least-favorite things.
Well, I can see that the house
speaks to you, Diane.
"Buy me."
Not now, house.
[ Chuckles ]
The open floor plan,
the spacious kitchen.
I do love it.
[ Cell Phone Rings ]
Yeah. Oh.
That’s– That’s the office.
Why don’t you take
one last look at the backyard?
Did someone say barbecue?
"I did."
[ Both Laugh ]
[ Beeps ]
Lorraine, what is up?
Nothing. Just...
kicking it at the office.
Hey, hey, hey.
Slow down now.
Tell Phil what happened.
Phil, can I go
in the garage?
Make yourself at home, sister.
Hey. That was my sister
who is visiting town...
and my office, which is where
I am calling you from.
You called me.
[ Chuckles ]
I’m worried
about Larry.
Oh, honey, I know.
Where is he?
Um, Lily, there’s probably
something I should tell you.
Larry’s not coming back home.
- Why? Is he dead?
- Nope. Um, not dead.
Larry, uh, met someone,
fell in love
and he got married.
- Are they ever going to visit?
- I’m afraid not,
because when cats get married,
they have to move to, um,
the forest,
and so then they’re not tempted
by other cats in the city.
- It’s Larry.
- I know.
Even people
that you would never expect
have moments of weakness.
No, over there.
But where’s his wife?
Hello, Larry.
Larry’s back.
[ Chuckles ]
Yeah.
Uh, well, you know what?
I think they probably, uh,
didn’t work out
and they broke up.
People get married
and then break up?
What if that happens
to you and Daddy?
Oh, you know what?
Daddy made a mistake.
Uh, Larry and his wife
didn’t break up.
Larry’s wife... died.
Oh, no.
Yeah.
That’s why we’re gonna give him
the closure he needs...
by throwing, um, a funeral...
to celebrate the remarkable life
of Larry’s wife.
[ Gasps ]
It’s gonna be great.
You know what?
We’re gonna have music.
We’re gonna get a shoe box.
[ Cell Phone Beeping ]
We’re gonna have candles.
Yes, hi, Florist Gump.
It’s me again.
It felt good
to handle that crisis on my own.
In the past, I would have had
to run to Mitchell,
but he’s been trusting me
more and more.
I’m so proud of him.
He’s really learned
to let things go.
Oh, no!
God, no, no, no!
Oh!
[ Snaps Fingers ]
- What?
- It’s a bloodbath
down there.
- We lost everything.
- I thought you were good.
I always beat Dylan.
Come on,
we need your help.
You’re the best card player
in this family.
- What’s in it for me?
- A chance to be a good sister.
- Pass.
- Reuben’s been telling everyone
you slipped him the tongue.
Move.
[ Lily ]
I thought cats
had nine lives.
Yeah, and they do, but Larry’s
wife was older than he was,
and she’d been married
eight times before.
Like Elizabeth Taylor?
Oh, you remember
our bedtime stories.
- Hey.
- Hey. Oh, Dylan.
Thank you for coming
on such short notice.
I need you to dig a hole
right over here.
Thank you.
Oh, no problem.
So, Lily, I’m really sorry.
- How’s Larry doing?
- Fine.
He’s a happy cat.
Oh, they’re cats.
That’s gonna make my job
a lot easier.
Okay, everyone,
thank you for coming.
It means a lot to Lily,
and it means a lot to me.
Angus?
♪♪ [ Bagpipes ]
So, Larry’s wife.
What can I say?
She loved Larry.
And, um, you know,
like all cat marriages,
they had their ups
and their downs,
but they always landed
on their feet.
- [ Metallic Clang ]
- Oh, hit a rock.
[ Grunts ]
Oh, not a rock!
[ Screaming ]
Okay, everybody!
Please stay calm!
No running! It’s slip–
Angus, keep playing!
Okay.
[ Screaming Continues ]
[ Mitchell ]
Randall!
Yeah?
I’m up here.
Mr. Pritchett!
This is all intern work.
It isn’t for my band.
Need me to do a coffee run?
No. No, uh, listen.
I was– I was cleaning,
and I got stuck up here.
And I need you to go
into my office and stand up
the ladder that fell.
Got it.
And I’m sorry
about lying before.
Those are flyers for my band,
The Interns.
Uh-oh.
Your door’s locked.
Oh, no.
But hey, I-I think,
if you keep going forward,
then back your legs out
through the vent,
I can grab them
to help you down.
Oh, I don’t know.
That makes me a little nervous.
Just think about something else.
I heard you’re getting married.
How’s that going?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
It’s– It’s good.
It’s good.
You know, we’re planning it
right now.
Actually, it’s being planned
for me.
That’s nice.
No stress.
Oh, you’d think, huh?
But it’s getting
a little bit out of hand.
Oh, that happens
with weddings.
Does it?
I mean, how many weddings
have you been to...
that have something
called a dove cannon?
You know, I think I should have
a say in something like that.
You need to let go,
Mr. Pritchett.
I-I can’t.
I-I wish I could, but I can’t.
I just–
It’s freaking me out.
No. I’ve–
I’ve got you already.
Oh. Okay.
[ Sighs ]
Oh. Thank you.
You know, I’m pretty good
at reading people,
and it sounds like you
and your lady really need
to talk this out.
[ Sighs ]
Yeah, maybe you’re right.
So I’m gonna let you in
on a little secret.
- I’m gay.
- Oh, my God.
Does she know?
Gotta save something
for the wedding night, huh?
Okay.
[ Children Screaming ]
Riley, no!
Buster, please sit!
Dylan, help!
I can’t.
These cats and dogs
are fighting like–
Oh!
Okay, everybody, I’m sorry.
This was supposed to be
a small service,
but I don’t winnow down.
I overdo. And if I let
a simple fake cat funeral
get out of hand,
how am I supposed to plan
an entire wedding?
You’re late. Okay–
- I need Mitchell.
- Good news.
He just pulled up.
Damn it.
Okay, in, in, in.
Yes. Okay. And, please,
can somebody catch that thing?
Okay, all right, stay.
Everyone just–
Hey!
How was the gym?
I never made it.
Listen, Cam, I gotta talk
about something.
I do too.
What would you think about being
more involved with the wedding?
That’s what I wanted
to talk about.
I would love to.
Thank God.
You know, I just think we’re–
we’re better together.
"Better together."
Mmm, I like that.
[ Scottish Accent ]
I cannot be
in a house with snakes.
How bad is it?
Gonna need about an hour.
Wow. Okay.
There you go.
I got you Sno-Caps,
’cause, you know, at the end,
they escape across the Alps.
- [ Man ] Thanks for ruining it.
- Calm down.
The movie’s 50 years old.
Making friends everywhere,
aren’t you?
[ Sighs ]
Listen, you always say
express your feelings.
When I get mad,
that’s what I do.
Hello? Yeah, I can talk.
My parents dragged me
into this stupid movie.
♪♪ [ Fanfare ]
Go ahead, Jay.
Feed him his phone.
You’re telling me
that doesn’t bother you?
I can’t hear you.
Talk louder.
I’m just saying if we give in
to every impulse, we’re
no better than wild animals.
But if we push it down,
it eats you alive.
Not if you just let it go.
The chick from that crapfest
Mary Poppins.
That’s it.
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
[ Grunting ]
A lot of cold, lonely nights
in that apartment by myself
while my mom was driving a taxi,
and only one thing
kept me company.
So you got a problem
with Poppins,
you got a problem with me.
Ay, Father,
I am so sorry.
I didn’t even know
that he could hold a fork.
No, no, no.
I blame myself.
I probably shouldn’t
have taken his nose.
No, it’s my family.
The girls are very chesty,
but the men–
they’re kissed by the devil.
Gloria, the fact
that you are so concerned...
is only proof that you are
a loving and caring mother.
It’s the parents
who shape the child.
[ Joe Giggling ]
And your son is growing up
in a wonderful home.
Die, scum!
No, no, no!
Louder, like you did
at the drive-through.
Mom, Jay and I
saw Death Wish. Amazing.
Manny got in a fight
at The Sound of Music,
got kicked out.
I’ve never been so proud.
Well, I guess every household
could use a little fine-tuning,
huh?
Let me give you my card
with my cell number on it.
Please.
And what did I do
with my wallet?
I–
[ Joe Coos ]
I had yelled at Phil
for not helping out,
and there he was,
doing exactly
what I had asked him to do.
There’s our zucchini.
Up top, buddy.
For some other family.
You are so sweet
for helping me with this.
How hurt you’ve been,
Lorraine.
This is sweet.
This is... normal.
- Phil?
- Diane?
Hey, superstar.
I thought I was superstar.
Oh, your husband
has been so wonderful to me.
He’s not my husband.
He’s my Realtor.
Oh, he’s my Realtor.
I’m both your Realtors.
I’m just lucky to have such a–
We’re on our way
to an open house.
Oh, is that why
you couldn’t show me
the colonial later?
I made that corn bread
that you like.
We’re gonna make it to that.
I just have to finish up
with Lorraine.
- Oh, you mean, like,
"get it over with"?
- No, I don’t mean that.
And I thought zucchini bread
was your favorite, or why–
why am I buying zucchini?
Hey, can’t a guy like
zucchini bread and corn bread?
[ Woman ]
Phil?
Damn it.
Ronnie!
I thought you had
a doctor’s appointment.
That’s why you had to miss
Darrell’s swim meet.
Who’s she?
Just another client.
- "Just another client"?
- No, that’s–
What is this?
Uh-oh. It is.
It’s my office.
Got to take it.
Hello?
- Phil?
- Claire?
World’s greatest Realtor!
What are you doing here?
Your hair is sweating.
That’s ’cause I’m excited
to see my friends.
Let’s go, buddy.
[ Claire ]
Are you all
clients of Phil’s?
Apparently.
Uh-oh.
You could not be
in better hands.
I met Phil when I was
at such a rocky place
in my life.
He was available to me
morning, noon and night.
Of course he found me
my dream house,
but that wasn’t the best part.
Phil taught me
how to trust a man again,
and I think that was
always his plan.
That was always my plan.
Mmm.
And it was not easy for me
to trust a man
after the husband that I’d had.
This guys left tools
in the yard,
let the kids run wild.
Well, great to see you, Claire.
He was always
interrupting me.
And he wore the most ridiculous
sleep mask thing.
Oh, God!
Sounds like such a diva.
Yeah.
Or he’s photosensitive,
which is a real condition.
He never took my advice.
You know, that’s the worst part.
He never– He never said he was
sorry just one time.
I would kill to have heard,
"Claire, you were right."
[ Groans ]
[ Diane Chuckles ]
She was right.
Louder!
I do not love this side of you.
Thanks for winning
my computer back.
And getting me all my money.
That was awesome.
Yeah, if only
I had stopped there,
but I had to go back down.
I got greedy,
and I was careless.
There’s a story about that
I remember from school.
Icarus flew too close
to his son.
I think their wings bumped.
One of them fell.
They might have been ducks.
Anyway, the lesson is...
is that you have
to pay attention.
[ Doorbell Rings ]
Or pay the ultimate price.
Shall we, my dear?
Don’t wait up.
Wait up.